element selector
grouping selector
Class-
.for multiple elements we can give common classname
.for single element we can give multiple classname
.we can acess by using (.classname{}) in css

id - 
.id should be unique
.to access use(#Idname{})


global/universal selector(*)-To acess everything

pefernce---id>class>elements/grouping(Whichever is mentioned in the last in css)>global

.how to add youtube video to html page using iframe embeed.


<-------------------------------css----------------------------->
<-----------layout------------------>

.inline-it would allow element on same line but wont allow custom width to be aaplied.
.block-it would allow custom width but wont allow any new element on the line(block).


diplay property
.block-block level element will occuoy entire parent width.but we can provide custom width also but it will
       not allow other elements in same line.
       (block property will be implemented on the division only and not on the children of the div or id)
.inline-it will occupy only content width it will allow other elements in same way.
        but we can't change the property of width,height.
.inline-block-it will allow other elements in same line we can give custom width and height property also.
.flex-Display flex will control all the childrens by default it will make all childrens to
      single line.
      (Without display flex justify content is not possible) 

Justify-content
.will control horizontal placements.
align-items
.will control vertical placements.
gap--used to give space between the items.

Position(Used for drop down)
-relative-it will occupy space and we can move it any where
-absolute--not occupy any space and we can move it any where
-sticky --even after scroll the content will srick to that one place

(Justify-cintent and align-item works with display:flex)
(body is parent when using Position:absolute to change that make the parent element to Position:relative)
(when there is only one text in a line we can go for text-align)
1rem=16px
[Netflix--9 sections]